---
title: "teaching"
bg: green
color: white
fa-icon: graduation-cap
---

**Advanced Biostatistics (STAT438)**   
University of Waterloo      
Winter 2026  
Fourth year undergraduate course.  Calendar Description: Causal inference methodologies including propensity score matching and inverse probability weighting. Methods for handling incomplete data and covariate measurement error; likelihood based on joint models, estimating functions.

**Analysis of Longitudinal Data (STAT936)**   
University of Waterloo      
Winter 2025, Winter 2026  
Graduate level course. Calendar Description: This course covers methods for analyzing data in which repeated measures have been obtained for individuals in health studies over time. Different methods will be discussed to handle both continuous and discrete longitudinal response data, with examples from biomedical and population health datasets. Some of the approaches covered will include linear, non-linear, and generalized linear mixed effects models, as well as generalized estimating equations and transition models, with distinctions drawn between subject-specific and population averaged approaches for generalized linear longitudinal response data. Also, there will be coverage of exploratory methods, evaluation of model assumptions and adapting to assumption violations, approaches for handling missing data, and treatment of advanced topics such as semiparametric and nonparametric models for longitudinal data. Software (e.g. R or SAS) will be used throughout the course.

**Causal inference and Epidemiological Studies (STAT931)**   
University of Waterloo      
Fall 2023, Fall 2024, Fall 2025  
Graduate level course. Calendar Description: Causal inference in health research will be covered. Methods for the design and analysis of randomized controlled trials including randomization techniques, sample size and power calculations, and specialized additional topics including missing data, noncompliance, and ethics. The design and analysis of classical and modern epidemiological studies will then be discussed for settings in which randomization is not feasible. Causal inference methodologies for the analysis of observational data include propensity scores, marginal structural models and instrumental variables. Studies will be discussed from the epidemiological literature and other sources in the public domain. Simulations and data analyses will be carried out using software (e.g. R or SAS). Students will be trained and assessed in part based on the preparation of reports and delivery of presentations. 

**Generalized Linear Models and their Applications (STAT431/STAT831)**   
University of Waterloo      
Fall 2023, Spring 2023, Spring 2022  
Fourth year undergraduate course (431) taught jointly with graduate course (831).  Calendar Description: Review of normal linear regression and maximum likelihood estimation. Computational methods, including Newton-Raphson and iteratively reweighted least squares. Binomial regression; the role of the link function. Goodness-of-fit, goodness-of-link, leverage. Poisson regression models. Generalized linear models. Other topics in regression modelling. 

**Applied Linear Models (STAT331/SYDE334)**   
University of Waterloo      
Fall 2022, Spring 2021, Winter 2021  
Third year undergraduate course.  Calendar Description: Modeling the relationship between a response variable and several explanatory variables (an output-input system) via regression models. Least squares algorithm for estimation of parameters. Hypothesis testing and prediction. Model diagnostics and improvement. Algorithms for variable selection. Nonlinear regression and other methods.

**Introductory Probability**   
Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health      
Summer 2018, Summer 2017   
Month-long preparatory course for incoming biostatistics doctoral students. Topics: Set theory, Kolmogorov’s axioms, combinatorics, conditional probability, independence, Bayes theorem, moments, functions of random variables. 
